c:\users\sburman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactForm\ContactForm\ContactForm.Droid\obj\Debug\ContactForm.Droid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\sburman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactForm\ContactForm\ContactForm.Droid\bin\Debug\ContactForm.Droid.dll
c:\users\sburman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactForm\ContactForm\ContactForm.Droid\bin\Debug\ContactForm.Droid.pdb
c:\users\sburman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactForm\ContactForm\ContactForm.Droid\bin\Debug\ContactForm.Droid.apk
c:\users\sburman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactForm\ContactForm\ContactForm.Droid\bin\Debug\ContactForm.Droid-Signed.apk
c:\users\sburman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactForm\ContactForm\ContactForm.Droid\bin\Debug\ContactForm.dll
c:\users\sburman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactForm\ContactForm\ContactForm.Droid\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
c:\users\sburman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactForm\ContactForm\ContactForm.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\sburman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactForm\ContactForm\ContactForm.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\sburman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactForm\ContactForm\ContactForm.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
c:\users\sburman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactForm\ContactForm\ContactForm.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\sburman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactForm\ContactForm\ContactForm.Droid\bin\Debug\ContactForm.pdb
c:\users\sburman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactForm\ContactForm\ContactForm.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\sburman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactForm\ContactForm\ContactForm.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\sburman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactForm\ContactForm\ContactForm.Droid\obj\Debug\ContactForm.Droid.dll
c:\users\sburman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactForm\ContactForm\ContactForm.Droid\obj\Debug\ContactForm.Droid.pdb
c:\users\sburman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactForm\ContactForm\ContactForm.Droid\obj\Debug\android\bin\ContactForm.Droid.apk
c:\users\sburman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactForm\ContactForm\ContactForm.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\sburman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactForm\ContactForm\ContactForm.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
c:\users\sburman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactForm\ContactForm\ContactForm.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\sburman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactForm\ContactForm\ContactForm.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\sburman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactForm\ContactForm\ContactForm.Droid\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\sburman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactForm\ContactForm\ContactForm.Droid\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\sburman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactForm\ContactForm\ContactForm.Droid\obj\Debug\ContactForm.Droid.dll.mdb
c:\users\sburman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ContactForm\ContactForm\ContactForm.Droid\bin\Debug\ContactForm.Droid.dll.mdb
C:\Users\sburman\Documents\XamarinForms.DataBinding\ContactForm\ContactForm.Droid\bin\Debug\ContactForm.Droid.dll
C:\Users\sburman\Documents\XamarinForms.DataBinding\ContactForm\ContactForm.Droid\bin\Debug\ContactForm.Droid.pdb
C:\Users\sburman\Documents\XamarinForms.DataBinding\ContactForm\ContactForm.Droid\bin\Debug\ContactForm.Droid.apk
C:\Users\sburman\Documents\XamarinForms.DataBinding\ContactForm\ContactForm.Droid\bin\Debug\ContactForm.Droid-Signed.apk
C:\Users\sburman\Documents\XamarinForms.DataBinding\ContactForm\ContactForm.Droid\bin\Debug\ContactForm.dll
C:\Users\sburman\Documents\XamarinForms.DataBinding\ContactForm\ContactForm.Droid\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
C:\Users\sburman\Documents\XamarinForms.DataBinding\ContactForm\ContactForm.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
C:\Users\sburman\Documents\XamarinForms.DataBinding\ContactForm\ContactForm.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
C:\Users\sburman\Documents\XamarinForms.DataBinding\ContactForm\ContactForm.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
C:\Users\sburman\Documents\XamarinForms.DataBinding\ContactForm\ContactForm.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
C:\Users\sburman\Documents\XamarinForms.DataBinding\ContactForm\ContactForm.Droid\bin\Debug\ContactForm.pdb
C:\Users\sburman\Documents\XamarinForms.DataBinding\ContactForm\ContactForm.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
C:\Users\sburman\Documents\XamarinForms.DataBinding\ContactForm\ContactForm.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
C:\Users\sburman\Documents\XamarinForms.DataBinding\ContactForm\ContactForm.Droid\obj\Debug\ContactForm.Droid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\sburman\Documents\XamarinForms.DataBinding\ContactForm\ContactForm.Droid\obj\Debug\ContactForm.Droid.dll
C:\Users\sburman\Documents\XamarinForms.DataBinding\ContactForm\ContactForm.Droid\obj\Debug\ContactForm.Droid.pdb
C:\Users\sburman\Documents\XamarinForms.DataBinding\ContactForm\ContactForm.Droid\obj\Debug\android\bin\ContactForm.Droid.apk
C:\Users\sburman\Documents\XamarinForms.DataBinding\ContactForm\ContactForm.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
C:\Users\sburman\Documents\XamarinForms.DataBinding\ContactForm\ContactForm.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
C:\Users\sburman\Documents\XamarinForms.DataBinding\ContactForm\ContactForm.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
C:\Users\sburman\Documents\XamarinForms.DataBinding\ContactForm\ContactForm.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
C:\Users\sburman\Documents\XamarinForms.DataBinding\ContactForm\ContactForm.Droid\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
C:\Users\sburman\Documents\XamarinForms.DataBinding\ContactForm\ContactForm.Droid\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
C:\Users\sburman\Documents\XamarinForms.DataBinding\ContactForm\ContactForm.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable\homer.gif
C:\Users\sburman\Documents\XamarinForms.DataBinding\ContactForm\ContactForm.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable\ic_action_search.png
C:\Users\sburman\Documents\XamarinForms.DataBinding\ContactForm\ContactForm.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\homer.gif
C:\Users\sburman\Documents\XamarinForms.DataBinding\ContactForm\ContactForm.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\ic_action_search.png
C:\Users\sburman\Documents\XamarinForms.DataBinding\ContactForm\ContactForm.Droid\obj\Debug\ContactForm.Droid.dll.mdb
C:\Users\sburman\Documents\XamarinForms.DataBinding\ContactForm\ContactForm.Droid\bin\Debug\ContactForm.Droid.dll.mdb
